hello keep watching if you want to see
how I did this curly updo my hair is dry
and stretched and I parted a diagonal
parting from my temple to the middle of
my ear on the other side i added a
moisturizer styler and palm it to my
hair and then i did three flat twist
going all the way around and I perm rod
at the end
I did two strand twist on the rest of my
hair I added my moisturizer my styler
and this time instead of the pomade I
used my eco styler gel with olive oil
you
at the top of my head I did three flat
twists and then I two strand twists it
the rest of the hair
because my twists weren't uniform I was
not feeling this style so I wore beating
on my hair that day that night I came
curled my hair and I liked it much
better the following day I remove the
pin curls and I add an extra virgin
olive oil to my hands I remove the
twists and separated the section so that
my hair could be more full I added a few
bobby pins to hold my hair in the shape
I want it
I added vegetable glycerin to soften my
hair up a little bit that's all I did
easy peasy right thank y'all so much for
watching and I hope help some of you out
by click anywhere on the screen or the
link below to see how that event turned
out